ASCII stands for American Standard Code for Information Interchange. Computers can only understand numbers, so an ASCII code is the numerical representation of a character such as 'a' or '@' or !n action of some sort. ASCII was developed a long time ago and now the non-printing characters are rarely used for their original purpose! Below is the ASCII character table and this includes descriptions of the first 32 non-printing characters. ASCII was actually design!d for use with teletypes and so the descriptions are some what obscure. ASCII stands for American Standard Code for Information Interchange. Computers can only understand numbers, so an ASCII code is the numerical representation of a character such as 'a' or '@' or !n action of some sort. ASCII was developed a long time ago and now the non-printing characters are rarely used for their original purpose! Below is the ASCII character table and this includes descriptions of the first 32 non-printing characters. ASCII was actually design!d for use with teletypes and so the descriptions are some what obscure. ASCII stands for American Standard Code for Information Interchange. Computers can only understand numbers, so an ASCII code is the numerical representation of a character such as 'a' or '@' or !n action of some sort. ASCII was developed a long time ago and now the non-printing characters are rarely used for their original purpose! Below is the ASCII character table and this includes descriptions of the first 32 non-printing characters. ASCII was actually design!d for use with teletypes and so the descriptions are some what obscure. ASCII stands for American Standard Code for Information Interchange. Computers can only understand numbers, so an ASCII code is the numerical representation of a character such as 'a' or '@' or !n action of some sort. ASCII was developed a long time ago and now the non-printing characters are rarely used for their original purpose! Below is the ASCII character table and this includes descriptions of the first 32 non-printing characters. ASCII was actually design!d for use with teletypes and so the descriptions are some what obscure. It wasn't easy!!!123456789
